clodia was a high class roman woman
she was rebellious and liked to party and do very unwomanlike activites

She was a daughter of Appius Claudius Pulcher. 
She had three brothers: Appius Claudius Pulcher, Gaius Claudius Pulcher, and Publius Clodius Pulcher
and four sisters 
It is not certain whether Clodia was the eldest or a middle daughter, it is only known that she was not the youngest sister. she changed her patrician name to Clodia

Her mother is unknown. 





The poet Catullus wrote several love poems about a frequently unfaithful woman he called Lesbia, identified in the mid-second century AD by the writer Apuleius (Apologia 10) as a "Clodia". This practice of replacing actual names with ones of identical metrical value was frequent in Latin poetry of that era. In modern times, the resulting identification of Lesbia with Clodia Metelli, based largely on her portrayal by Cicero, is usually treated as accepted fact, despite occasional challenges.[13]

The predominant view, however, identifies Clodia with Lesbia primarily on the basis of Catullus 79.1-2:[14]

Lesbius is beautiful. Why not? And Lesbia prefers him
to you and your whole tribe, Catullus.
But let this beautiful man sell Catullus along with his tribe
if he finds three kisses from people he knows.






Clodia was born to an old and wealthy family. Her family name, Claudius Pulcher, was well established in the Rome and had a good amount of power.
Not much is known about Clodia's childhood. It is thought that she went to school, where she was taught to be a proper roman Matrona as well as other useful skills that she used to cultivate her knowledge.

Claudia Metelli was married to her first cousin, who held the highest political office in Rome. 








Since Clodia was from such a well off family, she did not have to work. Instead, she was expected to do things that a proper roman Matrona would do, like taking care of the slaves and children. However, unlike the rest of the roman population, Clodia is super cool. <br><br>A new type of 'high society' class was emerging that Clodia was a part of. It was a class that rejected traditional and expected morals in favour of parties, drinking, and gambling. Many conservative roman men noticed and frowned upon this type of behaviour emerging, while other women in similar (wealthy) positions chose to join this new way of living.


It was a commonly known fact that Clodia's marriage was not a happy one.
And it was rumoured that Clodia had slept with several other men while in her marriage, even slaves. 
One of Clodia's most famous lovers was the poet Catullus. He wrote about her in many poems under the alias Lesbia. 
This name was to protect both of their identities, as they would be punished for adultery if it were to be discovered that they were having an affair. 
Although it was well known that Clodia was Lesbia in the city. <br><br>Catullus is completely consumed by love for Clodia and it reflects this in his poems. 
In Poem 7, Catullus calls himself Mad Catullus and proclaims that no amount of kisses from Lesbia will be enough to satisfy him. However in poem 8, Catullus is more restrained and advises himself to let go of the free spirited Lesbia because 'She no longer wants you'. 
This shows that Lesbia has all the power in the relationship.











